licensening (#109)
StoneHedgeSS13/StoneHedge: modular_stonehedge/licensed-eaglephntm/LICENSE.md

# LICENSE
All the items in this folder and its subdirectories are licensed by EaglePhntm (also known as Vide Noir. https://github.com/EaglePhntm).

> Redistribution, reproduction, or modification of these assets is prohibited without express permission from both licensors. These assets are for use solely within this project and may not be extracted or repurposed for other projects or commercial use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redistribution, reproduction, or modification of these assets is prohibited without express permission from the above licensor(s). These assets are for use solely within this project and may not be extracted or repurposed for other projects or commercial use.
```
I don't think 'both' is applicable here
